Movie 1:

Scenarios and application domains
Controlling lights and stereo over the internet
remote access RC cars over internet
Webcams of RC cars
publicly controlling all this stuff

Technologies
Using internet to control home stuff

Feasibility
What might be doable?
Controlling stuff over internet might be doable but might not be the best thing. 


What not?
RC car control might be a little hard to do  streaming over web might need a lot of upload power. 

When?
Controlling lights is already very common
RC cars might be doable but are not really worth doing

Weirdness/crazyness
Controlling lights is already very common via internet 
Controlling RC cars is pretty crazy

Movie 2:

Scenarios and application domains
Security
Safety
Efficency
Integration across multiple domains
Dynamics
Comfort and health
Turning buildings into living organisms
Smart city
self driving cars
Flexibility
Personal navigation
Energy management (distribution / storage)
Emergency systems
Configurability of rooms
Bring your own device

Technologies
Futuristic UI
Exchangable working spaces (like boxes)
Dynamic routing for more security
car storage in a rack
Access control via open door concept
Personalized assistenced for guiding through a building
Evacuation of a building via lighting installations in emergency mode
Detecting flows of people via sensors 
Connect buildings into clusters via a backbone
Body scanning
Pressure sensitive floor
Mobile devices
Smart elevators
Central spot of control - control everything from one point
automated parking

Feasibility
What might be doable?
All of this might be doable but stuff like this needs to really take privacy concerns into consideration
automated parking already is reality

What not?
The UI is maybe not feasible today without using some kind of VR gear.

When?
Most of this will be future technology but things like lighting control is already used today.

Weirdness/crazyness
Seems like most of this stuff has also a lot of security concerns because there might be a lot of surveillence and privacy concerns using all this technology